Master Su, is he alright?
Can't die
I'm sorry, Mr. Su
It's all my fault
I didn't handle the lady's affairs well.
Also implicated the young master
return
I've been hiding it from you.
No no old song
You did a great job.
What Xiaohui needs a second surgery now?
Needs new nephrogens
If you had really buried them all
How can we grow kidney vitality?
So somehow you didn't bury him
Just gave Xiaohui hope
Second kidney transplant surgery
If you live these 15 years, you can't let him live in vain
The greatest significance of his life
Just to provide my son with great support
I see.
Mr. Su, what should we do?
I'm going home by myself now
Personally confirm Liu Jing's identity
You stay in the hospital
Take care of Xiaohui with Zhou Wenmei
By the way, check Li Hongyi's gift.
Li Hongyi
The woman who pushed Liu Jing into the pool
Her mother had mid-stage stomach cancer.
Also in this hospital
What does Mr. Su want to check?
The paternity test was done by Dr. Zhao himself
No fake
One must still be alive
But one by one
Not necessarily Liu Jing is you
Sue was always suspicious
Liu Jing is just an impostor
And Li Hongyi is the real Miss Su
I'm just skeptical.
So it needs to be checked ASAP.
Go ok I'll go now